# Capstone Project - Section A14

Team Members: Sijie Liu, Siddhi Patel, Brian Qian, Du Xiang

<a href="https://docs.google.com/document/d/1u6r-X8ZCbjC8UuSJau-DIbpBevjOWTVSEwI4qaLCmlI/edit?usp=sharing">See our Report</a>

<a href="https://github.com/IreneLiu2018/capstone_a14/tree/master/New_Vis">Our Project GitHub Repo</a>





## Our Goal 
The <a href="https://datascience.ucsd.edu/">Halıcıoğlu Data Science Institute (HDSI)</a> at University of California, San Diego is dedicated to the discovery of new methods and training of students and faculty to use data science to solve problems in the current world. The HDSI has several industry partners that are often searching for assistance to tackle their daily activities and need experts in different domain areas. Currently, there are around 55 professors affiliated to HDSI. They all have diverse research interests and have written numerous papers in their own fields. Our goal was to create a tool that allows HDSI to select the best fit from their faculty, based on their published work, to aid their industry partners in their specific endeavors. We did this with Natural Language Processing (NLP) by managing all the abstracts from the faculty’s published work and organizing them by topics. We will then obtained the proportion of papers of each faculty associated with each of the topics and drew a relationship between researchers and their most published topics. This will allow HDSI to personalize recommendations of faculty candidates to their industry partner’s particular job.
 

## Data Collection
<em> Here we will talk about Dimensions, Google Scholars and how we used the manually filled out CSV to get our abstracts </em> 

## Abstracts as Data
We considered the use of abstracts as our main source of data since in scientific papers and publications, abstracts are a short summary of a completed research. After further exploration and topic modeling, we discovered that they are indeed representative of the author's general field.

It is important to mention that even though researchers might not use the exact words 'Machine Learning' on their abstract, our model detects words that are associated with the topic and the relationship between them and the field can be easily inferred. For added precision, we have added Related Field labels next to the words generated by the model.

  
## Latent Dirichlet Allocation (LDA)
<em> Here we will talk about Topic Modelling and LDA </em>


## Our Dashboard
<em> Here we will include how the version 1.0 of the Sankey looked, with no labels and no color coding </em>


## Topic Labelling
<em> Here we will discuss how in order to improve our product, we obtained labels from Google Scholar and Dimensions to categorize articles and faculty, but how we still kept the topic words in order to be more exact with the topic distinction </em>


## Maintaining a Workflow
<em> Here we will talk about how the code was changed in order to be upkept easily, and how addition or deletion of faculty will be easy and can be done once a year. We will also mention the reason of this (faculty publishes every year).  </em>


## Easy Search Tool and Future Work
<em> Here we will talk about the Front End Element of our project, and how it is easy to use for any audience, specially those who might not be familiar with the Sankedy </em>






